Hex Color Generator/readme.md, before:

# Random Hex Color Generator

This project will generate random Hex Colors and display the color on the body.

## Problem

We can easily generate RGB colors by generating random values using Math library and feeding it accordingly in the code.
But to generate Hex colors we need to take a step further. What is that?

## Learnings

We can generate random Hexadecimal values by using the radix option in 'toString()' method.

Radix - Ranges between 2 and 36. The values above 10 will get converted to alphabets.

Use substring(start, end) to truncate the values and use them as your hex value.

## Use case:

We can modify this and make a color pallet generator. We can optimize the color combinations with some conditions to come up with proper color pallets.

## My approach:

- I learnt about the toString() method and tried to generate random numbers between 0 amd 15 using Math.random().
- I used a for loop to generate 6 random hexadecimal values and stored it in a variable.
- The stored random hex value is used to generate radnom colors and using DOM it was displayed as the body's background color.

## Mistakes and Corrections

- Instead of using a for loop I learnt about substring() to truncate the values generated using Math.random() and used it as the radnom hex value.
- This made the code clean and optimized for performance.

Commit message:

Added copy icon and did minimal css color changes. Also updated readme with the new learnings

Hex Color Generator/readme.md, after:

# Random Hex Color Generator

This project will generate random Hex Colors and display the color on the body.

## Problem

We can easily generate RGB colors by generating random values using Math library and feeding it accordingly in the code.
But to generate Hex colors we need to take a step further. What is that?

Also how to implement click to copy?

## Learnings

We can generate random Hexadecimal values by using the radix option in 'toString()' method.

Radix - Ranges between 2 and 36. The values above 10 will get converted to alphabets.

Use substring(start, end) to truncate the values and use them as your hex value.

We can also use .slice method instead of substring as it is a string value

Learnt about navigator api and implemented the click to copy functionality to copy the hex code in a single click.

## Use case:

We can modify this and make a color pallet generator. We can optimize the color combinations with some conditions to come up with proper color pallets.

## My approach:

- I learnt about the toString() method and tried to generate random numbers between 0 amd 15 using Math.random().
- I used a for loop to generate 6 random hexadecimal values and stored it in a variable.
- The stored random hex value is used to generate radnom colors and using DOM it was displayed as the body's background color.

## Mistakes and Corrections

- Instead of using a for loop I learnt about substring() to truncate the values generated using Math.random() and used it as the radnom hex value.
- This made the code clean and optimized for performance.
